Compression Dictionary Transport updates (#38974)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/dictionary-id/index.md

The HTTP **`Dictionary-ID`** request header references a dictionary that can be used in {{glossary("Compression Dictionary Transport")}} to compress the server's response.

A server can indicate that a resource can be used as a dictionary by sending the {{httpheader("Use-As-Dictionary")}} header with the response. The server may include an `id` directive in the `Use-As-Dictionary` header, thus assigning an ID value to the dictionary. If the server does this, then when the browser requests a resource that can be compressed using the dictionary, the resource request must include the `Dictionary-ID` header, and its value must match the ID that was given in `Use-As-Dictionary`.

This allows the server to identify and find a dictionary that is referenced by some arbitrary key, rather than having to use the  {{glossary("hash function","dictionary hash")}} as a key (if that approach is used, the server will have to hash every response that includes the `Use-As-Dictionary` header just in case the resource might eventually be used as a dictionary).

> Note that while the server can identify and locate the dictionary from its `Dictionary-ID`, it must still check the hash from the `Available-Dictionary` header to confirm that it is a correct match!

Author: ```suggestion
Note that while the server can identify and locate the dictionary from its `Dictionary-ID`, it must still check the hash from the `Available-Dictionary` header to confirm that it is a correct match.
```

> In Compression Dictionary Transport, a server can indicate that a resource can be used as a dictionary by sending the {{httpheader("Use-As-Dictionary")}} header with the response. The server may include an `id` directive in the `Use-As-Dictionary` header, thus assigning an ID value to the dictionary. If the server does this, then when the browser requests a resource that can be compressed using the dictionary, then the resource request must include the `Dictionary-ID` header, and its value must be the ID that was given in `Use-As-Dictionary`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A server can indicate that a resource can be used as a dictionary by sending the {{httpheader("Use-As-Dictionary")}} header with the response. The server may include an `id` directive in the `Use-As-Dictionary` header, thus assigning an ID value to the dictionary. If the server does this, then when the browser requests a resource that can be compressed using the dictionary, the resource request must include the `Dictionary-ID` header, and its value must match the ID that was given in `Use-As-Dictionary`.
```

> The server must still check the hash from the `Available-Dictionary` header — the `Dictionary-ID` is additional information for the server to identify the dictionary but does not replace the need for the `Available-Dictionary` header.

Reviewer: @tunetheweb Awesome. _Suggestion_ that we capture just a little more detail as provided by you in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/38948#discussion_r2028188961 

```suggestion
This allows the server to identify and find a dictionary that is referenced by some arbitrary key, rather than having to use the  {{glossary("hash function","dictionary hash")}} as a key (if that approach is used, the server will have to hash every response that includes the `Use-As-Dictionary` header just in case the resource might eventually be used as a dictionary).

Note that while the server can identify and locate the dictionary from its `Dictionary-ID`, it must still check the hash from the `Available-Dictionary` header to confirm that it is a correct match!
```

Author: LGTM but don't think we need that final exclamation mark.
